Improve release documentation (#1153)
scalacenter/scalafix: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Releasing

> First, make sure that your current head is origin/master or reset to this branch
> ```
> git reset --hard origin/master # you will loose the unpushed commits
> ```
> 
> Then, kickstart a CI release to Sonatype by pushing a git tag that correspond to the desired commit
> 
> ```
> git log --pretty=oneline # choose the commit hash you want to tag

Reviewer: You can list the remote commits without changing your local state

```suggestion
First, kickstart a CI release to Sonatype by pushing a git tag that correspond to the desired commit

git fetch && git log origin/master --pretty=oneline # choose the commit hash you want to tag
```

Reviewer: is there any reason you wouldn't tag `origin/master` ?

Author: If some new commits just have been merged and they make more sense to be part later in an another release? 

It was just a proposition, maybe it doesn't make sense.
